c:\Users\Christopher\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Project\Project\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\Users\Christopher\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Project\Project\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\Users\Christopher\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Project\Project\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\Users\Christopher\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Project\Project\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\Users\Christopher\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Project\Project\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\Users\Christopher\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Project\Project\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\Users\Christopher\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Project\Project\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\Users\Christopher\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Project\Project\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\Users\Christopher\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Project\Project\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\Users\Christopher\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Project\Project\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\Users\Christopher\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Project\Project\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\Users\Christopher\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Project\Project\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\Users\Christopher\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Project\Project\bin\Project.dll.config
c:\Users\Christopher\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Project\Project\bin\Project.dll
c:\Users\Christopher\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Project\Project\bin\Project.pdb
c:\Users\Christopher\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Project\Project\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
c:\Users\Christopher\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Project\Project\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
c:\Users\Christopher\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Project\Project\obj\Debug\Project.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\Christopher\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Project\Project\obj\Debug\Project.dll
c:\Users\Christopher\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Project\Project\obj\Debug\Project.pdb
c:\Users\Christopher\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Project\Project\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\Users\Christopher\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Project\Project\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\Users\Christopher\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Project\Project\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\Users\Christopher\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Project\Project\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\Users\Christopher\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Project\Project\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
c:\Users\Christopher\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Project\Project\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
c:\Users\Christopher\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Project\Project\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
c:\Users\Christopher\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Project\Project\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\Users\Christopher\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Project\Project\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
c:\Users\Christopher\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Project\Project\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
c:\Users\Christopher\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Project\Project\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\Users\Christopher\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Project\Project\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
c:\Users\Christopher\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Project\Project\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\Users\Christopher\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Project\Project\bin\Owin.dll
c:\Users\Christopher\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Project\Project\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\Users\Christopher\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Project\Project\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
c:\Users\Christopher\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Project\Project\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
c:\Users\Christopher\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Project\Project\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\Users\Christopher\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Project\Project\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
c:\Users\Christopher\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Project\Project\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\Users\Christopher\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Project\Project\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
c:\Users\Christopher\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Project\Project\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
c:\Users\Christopher\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Project\Project\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
